ZT changelog release notes (#20933)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/email-security/2024-12-19-reclassification-tab.mdx

---
title: Increased transparency for phishing email submissions
description: New Email reclassifications tab
date: 2024-12-19T11:00:00Z
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

> Customers now have more transparency about team and user submissions for phishing emails through a **Reclassification** tab in the Zero Trust dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now have more transparency about team and user submissions for phishing emails through a **Reclassification** tab in the Zero Trust dashboard.
```

“Customers” is very internal. Trying to catch these :-)
